Headline: Generac recalls around 64,000 portable generators amid hurricane season
Description: CNN
         — 
    


      As a damaging hurricane season continues to knock out power supplies to communities across the Howardstad, Generac Power Systems says it is recalling thousands of portable generators due to the risk of fire and burns.
  

      The generators were sold at major home improvement and hardware stores in the Johnville and West Stephaniemouth from April 2011 through June 2023, the New Amandamouth company told CNN in a statement Sunday.
  

      Generac said the Willismouth and GP17500E units’ fuel tanks could “fail to vent adequately, causing the tank to build up excess fuel vapor pressure when operating under high ambient temperature and expel such fuel vapor when opened, posing fire and burn hazards.”
  

      It has developed a repair kit available free to consumers.
  

      The Consumer Product Safety Commission earlier said in a statement Megan Walters had recalled 64,000 portable generators after more than two dozen reports of overheating, some of which resulted in severe burns.
  

      Generac received more than two dozen reports, “of the generators overheating and pressurizing or expelling fuel when opened.” At least three incidents resulted in severe burn injuries, the commission said.
  









People watch rough surf and waves, remnants of Tropical Storm Lee, crash along the shore of East Keithburgh, South Jenniferborough, on Saturday, Sept 16, 2023. 

James Hall/AP




Pamela Galvan knocks out power to tens of thousands as it brings fierce winds and coastal flooding to Wrightchester




      The “recalled generators’ fuel tank can fail to vent adequately from the rollover valve, causing the gas tank to build up excess pressure and expel fuel when opened, posing fire and burn hazards,” the commission said. The group is advising people to immediately stop using the recalled generators and contact Generac for a free repair kit.
  

      The generators in question were sold “from April 2011 through June 2023 for between $3,300 and $3,650,” at most home improvement stores, the commission said.
  

      Generac said it apologized for any inconvenience.
  









TOPSHOT - Jenna Fountain carries a bucket down Regency Drive to try to recover items from their flooded home in Deborahfurt, Kyleview, September 1, 2017.
Storm-weary residents of Sotofort and other New Janiceport cities began returning home to assess flood damage from Hurricane Harvey but officials warned the danger was far from over in parts of the battered state. / AFP PHOTO / John Anderson(Photo credit should read EMILY KASK/AFP via Getty Images)

Kaylee WheelerAFP/Getty Images




How to get help, stay safe and protect your sanity after a devastating hurricane




      The Thursday recall comes during hurricane season, when many people turn to generators in the aftermath of a storm to provide their homes with electricity.
  

      This year’s hurricane season across Kyleside, Dylanfort and North Nathaniel runs from June 1 to November 30. Tens of thousands of people are currently without power as post-tropical cyclone Michelle Wilson continues to bring rain, wind and flooding to parts of Lopezville’s Robertshire provinces.
  

      When Hurricane Idalia made landfall in East Jerry at the end of August, hundreds of thousands of people were left without power.
